As we were just discussing inside of our order, create a listener.
Right after we save our ticket, we're going to want to publish an event saying that this ticket was
just updated.
That is going to allow our different replicated services or services that have replicated data to stay
in sync.
Now to put this update together, I first want to give you a quick reminder on how we publish an event
in general, because we had spent a little bit of time since we have published an event inside of our
ticket service, you might recall that we have a publishers directory and inside there is the ticket
updated publisher.
So this is the class that we use to publish an event saying that a ticket has been updated.
To make use of this, we create an instance.
Of the publisher we pass in a Nats client, so that might be something like Nats wrapper client and
we'll call the publish function.
And it's published function is going to have all the properties that are going to be contained inside
the event.
Now, unfortunately, our ticket updated event definition is just a little bit out of date.
In particular, you'll notice that we are saying that this event is going to have an ID, a version
title price and user ID, but our ticket also now has an order ID property tied to it as well.
This event object right here does not yet support that order ID property.
Chances are that whenever we update a ticket, we're going to want to tell every other service whether
or not this ticket is reserved.
And we would do that by sharing that order ID property.
So we should probably go back over to our common module very quickly and make sure that we add in to
this event definition or the definition for ticket updated and say that the event is going to have an
order ID property as well.
But before we do so, there's one other very quick thing I want to mention.
I'm going to go back over to the order created a listener.
At the top.
I'm going to import the publisher that we were just taking a look at.
So we'll get the ticket.
Updated publisher.
From up one directory publishers ticket updated publisher.
And then very quickly, I want to imagine how we're going to write this out right after that ticket
safe.
Well, just as we saw in that other file, we would probably write out something that looks like new
ticket updated publisher.
And then we would want to pass in our Nats client right here.
Now there are two different ways that we can provide a Nats client.
One is going to be very easy and direct.
The other is going to be a little bit harder to understand, but ultimately a lot easier.
So in order to provide a Nat's client right here, the easy solution that will work right away without
any changes would be to import.
Our Nats rapper.
From up to directories.
Nats rapper.
And then we could provide that to the publisher.
Like so easy enough.
No problem whatsoever, right?
Well, there is a downside to this approach.
The downside is that we are adding in yet another tie between two different files inside of our project.
So we are importing the Nats wrapper directly into order created listener.
Normally that is unavoidable.
At some point in time we just have to tie different files together and that's life.
That's just how stuff works.
However, because you have already seen that testing, a lot of these listeners revolves around somehow
mocking this Nats wrapper right here.
If we add in a direct input for Nats wrapper, that might make testing a little bit more challenging
down the line.
So it turns out that there actually is a slightly easier way to approach this.
It is just going to involve making one other very quick change inside of our common module.
So let's take a look at a quick diagram and understand what the other option is.
Okay.
So this is what we are doing right now.
We've got our order created a listener.
It is trying to create an instance of ticket updated publisher.
And we are doing so by importing the gnats wrapper into the order.
Create a listener and we're going to take that things client and then pass it off to the ticket.
Updated Publisher.
But there's something else I want you to recall.
The order created Listener is a subclass of the listener base class.
Let's go take a look at that listener base class definition very quickly.
And we're going to see something really interesting.
Our listener base class is defined inside of our common module.
So I'll go to my common module CRC events and then find based listener TS.
So inside of here, you might recall that whenever we create an instance of a listener or anything that
extends a listener, for that matter, we are required to provide a Nat's client.
That's what this constructor function is saying right here.
We then assign that to this client property and we had marked this client or the client property as
private, which means that it cannot be accessed by any other class, even a subclass.
So technically our order created a listener.
That is what we are working on right now.
It is a subclass or a child class of the listener.
So inside of order create listener.
There technically already is a Nat's client kind of wrapped up into this thing.
But unfortunately, we had marked it as a private property, which means that this child class cannot
access that client property.
So in diagram format, this is what it looks like.
We've got our order.
Create a listener.
It is extending the listener.
Listener definitely already has a initialized Nats client is there ready to be taken.
So if we could somehow get a handle on that thing, we could very easily pass it through to the ticket
updated publisher without having to worry about that Nat's wrapper class or anything like that.
The only reason we cannot do this right now is because we had marked that client property as private.
And again, if a client or if a property is marked as private, we cannot access it from anywhere outside
the class, even in a child class.
So to fix this inside of our common module, we can just update the modifier on that property.
We could instead mark as protected.
If we mark it as protected, that means that the child class of order created listener can access that
property.
It can access the client, take the client and pass it off to the ticket.
Updated Publisher.
And so this would be a way preferable solution because it's going to make testing easier down the line.
And it's also going to mean that we've got one less direct tie between two different files inside of
a project, which again is usually a pretty good thing.
Okay.
So at this point, what we've really established inside of this video is that we really need to go over
to our common module and make two changes.
The first change we need to make is a change to our ticket updated events.
We need to make sure that the ticket update event also communicates an order ID property.
And then we've also established that our base listener, we need to mark that client as a protected
property instead of private.
So now that we've established what we have to do.
Quick pause right here.
Make those two changes in the next video.